sales: Update lead status and remove pitch (#973)
flowforge/website: src/handbook/sales/index.md

 - [Engagements & Pricing](./pricing.md)
 - [Sales playbook (internal)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Jrt5sNg46wngQ5UAii8sbN94PTlIAscOWrFcOhSVNPE/edit){rel="nofollow"}

## Lead status

For leads who are [MQLs or SQLs](/handbook/marketing/hubspot.md) the `Lead status`

> field is used to mark what the status is. Eventhough they're beyond being a lead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
field is used to mark what the status is. Even though they're beyond being a lead.
```

This field is maintained by the primary contact owner, likely the account executive.

At this stage we're using the default set of status's in HubSpot:

| Lead status | When to use |
| :---------: | :---------- |
| New | The contact in question has had only _marketing_ contact (E-mails, etc). |
| Open | In the stage where a contact is assigned to a Account exec, but no official connection has be made. Usually contacts are only in this stage for a short while.|
| Attempted to contact | From the moment the AE reached out, until there's a reply from them. |
| Connected | MQLs and SQL that have replied and engaged with FlowForge. |

> | In Progress | Nurturing from the first contact toward an opportunity. |

Reviewer: Connected vs In Progress seem closely related. Maybe define when a contact moves from Connected to In Progress.?
